Add design philosophy section to readme (#188)
soenkehahn/cradle: README.md

For comprehensive documentation, head over to
[docs.rs/cradle](https://docs.rs/cradle/latest/cradle/).

## Design Goals

`cradle` is meant to make it as easy as possible to run child processes,
while making it very hard to use incorrectly.
As such it provides an interface that is very concise, yet flexible,
but tries to avoid any behavior that would be unexpected or surprising.

> `cradle` decidedly does _not_ try to emulate any syntax of `bash` or other shells,
> like piping (`|`) or shell expansion (e.g. globs, like `*`).
> Instead, it is aiming to be a convenience wrapper around your
> operating system's interface for running child processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cradle` does not try to emulate the syntax or functionality of `bash` or other shells,
such as pipes (`|`), globs (`*`), or other string expansion.
Instead, it aims to be a convenient wrapper around the
operating system's interface for running child processes.
```
